Well, what if you're married in the military, then you pretty much are
in a permanent state of conflict because your spouse, whether they
like it or not, are subject to what your career trajectory is. He or
she does not have a choice in that. Now you can do the best you can
to soften the blow, but the Navy very well might decide that you need
to go somewhere. That does not provide a lot of opportunity for your
spouse. That's the biggest conflict I see. And I don't think there's
any good, necessarily good resolution to that, other than to say
that it will be for a short period, relatively short period of time
and time is always on your side when these things occur.